Y
is
it depends on everyone
some scissors part of fluids to be able
cut the fabric
and the black
a large needle to make it easier
with the denim
click it is a small one
fins
ah
State textile paintings depend on
colour
the video
glue with glitters that is very
important to use the paint of the
athletic
ah
first we mark the edge of a place
leaves each person as I wish I had
of this mast that is only to emphasize what
she is not very difficult that will be
pretty simple and it's actually
quite simple and that they are
doing what you like
the shape and design is quite something
then already market we take the scissors
If it's too small, I recommend you
I miss adult because normally
these scissors are very curious you can
cut martínez
only aesthetics
be careful because these cuts are
they will repeat good
once you have cut it is time to paint
the afternoon since on this side
we are going to present it
the figure is very individual
we just mark the lines with a lot
care and they also depend on how
width height everything very individual of each
person how big your hand is and
bleeding valleys the galette software is
an eternal for that now yes to paint it
to paint it is very simple but more
the paintings she
once it's painted it's time to put the
protective layer for training
with glitter this glue serves very
important but you should not type to
that the glue that from top to bottom
because it does not end here and we're going to paint it
with this brightness
to paint it he advanced uniform lines
and always the same side so that it is
best
the truth I did two and one I stay very
thick and you looked at it as an origin
after facing the river that we do not want
be in front of being perfect
since we wanted
although this one but also what is not
forget a good character for him
poor
once already painted with all of them and
dry and it's time to cut the button today is
crazy but I will tell you how the needle and the
thread as the measure of people who do not
they can do it
here we are comparing how big it is
the needle to facilitate us since a
small needle can be folded
we put down
everything anyone then
when we lift it to the ice until
up and we put it with the holes
once down we put the sheet back
down towards the other building that
is on one side and we pass on to the other and
so on
very good because after this they are going to
to tight
we are active and can not ask for help
no matter